░█▀█░█▀▀░▀█▀░█▀▀░█▀█░█▀█░█░█▀▄░░░█▀▀░█░█░█▀█░█▀▀░█▀▀
░█▀█░▀▀█░░█░░█▀▀░█▀▄░█░█░█░█░█░░░█░░░█▀█░█▀█░▀▀█░█▀▀
░▀░▀░▀▀▀░░▀░░▀▀▀░▀░▀░▀▀▀░▀░▀▀░░░░▀▀▀░▀░▀░▀░▀░▀▀▀░▀▀▀




Milestone 1

> Leave Earth
> Navigable Overworld
> Return to earth


Milestone 2

> Asteroids in overworld that can be landed on similar to earth return that switches to:
> Mining mechanic for obtaining valuable resources
> Endgame goal (get 1000 tonnes of the mineral or something[and liquefy it so it cant be weaponized?])

Milestone 3

> Upgrade system that reflects changes visually
> Report other nation's quantities of substance x to player as time passes
> Intro scene with story text
> Ending 'congrats' scene





Possible gameplay elements:
	
	> Amount of fuel returned increases govt funding; more mined == more money for mine-suit upgrades
	> Since player deploys numerous times; needs 'mission accomplished'/'mission failed' conditions



Summary:
	Fix global crises by collecting asteroid resources
	


Backstory and overall goal:



In the not-so-distant future, Earth is suffering from an international energy crisis that calls for a newly discovered, energy rich mineral to replace fossil fuels as a source of combustible power.

Years into the energy crisis, Earth has been bombarded by a meteor storm with origins deep within the solar system. Analysis of recovered meteorite samples showed them to be highly energetic, even injuring a number of amateur meteorite hunters.

The new mineral dubbed Substance X (needs a way better name [vesperium?]) is dangerously volatile in its raw form. Through liquefaction however, it can be converted into a clean and highly efficient liquid rocket fuel capable of accelerating launch vehicles to beyond escape velocity, allowing for new breeds of space exploration. 

Rather than unifying them, however, the discovery of this new technology sparked strife between the world's great space powers, leading North America, Russia, and the People's Republic of China into a new era of space rivalry.

Substance X's use as a weapon is an ever-present and unspoken threat amongst national leaders, the intentions of which cannot be discerned. 


This volatile new substance is both the key to subverting the energy crisis and uniting humanity as well as a dark token into the realm of destruction, toward breakthroughs on a scale unseen since the days of the Manhattan Project.

Be the first to secure substance X and subsequently; the well being of billions.






Idle thoughts:

Perhaps the player can decide how much of the substance to render into fuel and how much to weaponize? 
3 major gameplay elements: flying to asteroid, mining the asteroids, menus in-between